welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead world beyond episode six
last episode ended on a cliffhanger as
this mystery teenage guy stumbled into
our group after establishing he's not a
threat our gang invites him in to eat
some beans his name is percy and he's a
real cool dude his story is he was
traveling with some dudes until a few
days ago they jacked all his stuff
including his functional truck with gas
reserves iris is like hey let's make a
deal we help you get your truck back you
drive us to new york to rescue our dad
felix points out the flaw in their plan
if they find these guys who took his
truck they're gonna have to kill him are
you guys prepared for that but these
dumb teenagers completely brushed that
off like hey we'll figure something out
so they're off on a side quest
iris is really interested in percy's
life how he's been roughing it in the
zombie apocalypse silas does not like
percy though he has a burgeoning romance
with iris going plus before percy came
along silas was
improbably the coolest guy in the group
speaking of super nerd elton hope is
torturing herself talking to him about
his mom she doesn't tell him that she
shot his mom yet she just wants to learn
about what she was like and agrees to
help him finish his mom's manuscript
it's apparently about like science
it's really unclear anyway they get to
the town where the guys were headed and
there's his truck
oh it's a big one there's no sign of the
guys around though in fact one of them's
in the truck oh
he's been shot yeah i guess they had a
fight they need to find the keys though
so they all split up to track down the
other guy iris and percy find the guy's
stuff upstairs
including the keys all right we're good
to go but in another room percy sees the
rest of his stuff he's like here you
take the keys get the truck started i'm
gonna grab it real quick but as she's
leaving sounds like he got caught and oh
a gunshot
irish bravely runs back to save her new
friend but wait there's no one here and
wait the guy who was shot gets back
up but he's not a zombie he's stealing
their stuff yeah
percy lied to him this whole thing was a
con iris tries to chase percy but she's
not the most athletic and falls into the
dumpster so he gets away in the truck
with all of their supplies
zombiepocalypse lesson learned there's
some zombies in the dumpster they just
get everywhere don't they per usual
iris completely fails to fight them off
it's up to felix to save her again but
wait who's this that saved her
it's percy yeah he came back it's like
yeah sorry we were gonna con you guys
but actually you seem real nice like i
felt bad this guy's my uncle tony who
was a magician which somehow makes him
the most interesting character on this
show iris and percy have a heart to
heart she's real mad at him for
betraying her trust but he's like yo i
didn't in the end though he's like look
i've run this con many times before and
people always take the keys and run you
came back for me though it made me feel
bad so i came back for you so felix goes
for an adult chat with uncle tony it's
like hey my nephew agreed to give you
guys a ride we'll do it but first tell
me about that three ring circle on your
jacket cause it's the same one on this
truck
yeah they found it a while back the
driver crashed so they took it he's seen
that logo on the helicopters before and
on the real civic republic guys super
scary all in black
it's like yeah in the truck was the map
to their fuel depot we've been able to
sneak in there before but i assume if
they catch us they'll kill us are you
guys with them if we get [ __ ] can you
talk our way out of it and felix is like
yeah for show
remember the whole campus colony thought
they were part of the triple alliance
between portland omaha and the civic
republic when in reality it's almost
certainly just the civic republic's logo
they probably tell a bunch of colonies
they're in a triple alliance and felix
has no idea yet that the civic republic
turned on them and destroyed the whole
campus colony but for now they think
it's all good so that night
uncle tony and percy put on a shadow
puppet show
but then after the credits were back at
the civic republic with the same
scientist we saw before she's slacking
off at work in fact she's looking at the
card the girls sent their dad
she gets called from her boss says it'll
be taken care of by the time they arrive
and dr bennett in a security detail
won't be a problem are they expecting
the girls to come that would make sense
why the lieutenant colonel gave them the
map
but why to what end and where is their
dad find out later on the world beyond
if you liked this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you loved
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member